DOC: Update ``__array__`` ``copy`` keyword docs (#26245)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/numpy_2_0_migration_guide.rst

   needed" in a way that's compatible with NumPy 1.x and 2.x, see
   `scipy#20172 <https://github.com/scipy/scipy/pull/20172>`__ for an example
   of how to do so.
3. For any ``__array__`` method on a non-NumPy array-like object,
   ``dtype=None`` and ``copy=None`` keywords must be added to the signature -

>    this will work with older NumPy versions as well. If the keywords are actually

Reviewer: Just to make it a teeny bit clearer what will happen

```suggestion
   this will work with older NumPy versions as well (although older numpy versions will never pass in these keywords). If the keywords are actually
```

>    will never pass in these keywords). If the keywords are actually used in the ``__array__``

Reviewer 2: It's only `copy` that is not passed in older versions?

Author: Ah right, should be `(although older numpy versions will never pass in copy keyword)`

>    will never pass in these keywords). If the keywords are actually used in the ``__array__``
>    method implementation, then for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   will never pass in these keywords). If the keywords are added to the ``__array__``
   signature, then for:
```

I still find "if the keywords are actually used in the implementation" a bit confusing, as it sounds that you are allowed to ignore them.

For `dtype` that is actually maybe true? (if the returned array doesn't match the requested `dtype`, I suppose that numpy will still do the cast?)

But once `copy` is _added to the signature_, it should always be honored in the implementation, right? (to ensure correct behaviour)

Author: Right, I agree that we should indicate that these arguments should be honored immediately (although `copy=True` is going to be passed to `__array__` since 2.1). Done!

   * ``copy=True`` and any ``dtype`` value always return a new copy,
   * ``copy=None`` create a copy if required (for example by ``dtype``),

>    * ``copy=False`` a copy must never be made. If ``dtype`` needs a copy then raise an exception.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * ``copy=False`` a copy must never be made. If a copy is needed to return a numpy array or satisfy ``dtype``, then raise an exception (``ValueError``).
```

Regardless of `dtype` a copy might be needed. And we can be more specific this should be a ValueError?

Author: Right - that's more precise. Done!
